-->
Long Pond Plantation | Wedding Venue | Chiefland, FL.
top of page
Our Venue
Gallery
Packages
Slate & Pearl Events
Woodys Coffee
Menus
Online Orders
Maps / Contact Us
Blog
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Click to Book a Tour
Everything you have been dreaming of is here! Schedule an appointment to walk the beautiful grounds of Long Plantation while soaking up the stellar views of Old Florida. We offer an idyllic backdrop for weddings, corporate events, reunions and a variety of other gatherings, both professional and personal.
WHERE PAST AND PRESENT MEET
WE INVITE YOU TO COME TOUR
Schedule a tour and let us show you how not only our venue is accommodating but also our staff and services we offer. Long Pond will ensure that your big day or event is remembered by all who attend for years to come.
ABOUT US
Set on a 16 acre marsh front in beautiful Levy County lies Long Pond Plantation owned by Beauchamp Acres.
Originally constructed in the early 60s this unique 3,000 sq ft home has all amenities you will need, equipped with an elite bridal & groom suite, tea room, kitchen and more. This adequate space is a photographers dream.
While touring our grounds here you will notice the mature live oaks covered in Spanish moss, overhanging across the event space making it a perfect balance of shade & light.
Long Pond is the background of your event, sunsets fill the sky melting in pinks and yellows, making it a beautiful backdrop for your special day.
Words don't do justice to how beautiful it is here, We would love for you to see it for yourself.
HAVE AN EVENT TO REMEMBER?
Don't settle for a dull party, book a tour and come on by as we will help tailor to your event to help fit your needs, with over 2800sq ft of space in our event barn to small gatherings in our tea room. We look forward to opening the doors to all guest for any event!
LET OUR CLIENTS TELL YOU WHY
My wife and I celebrated our wedding at Long Pond Plantation, where Stacey and Clint truly shined. We fell in love with the breathtaking beauty of the venue. We wholeheartedly recommend it for any event you’re planning. The best people, the best place.
- Michael
This venue was a dream come true for me! From start to finish, Stacey and her family have worked so hard to make a brides vision come true and it exceeded expectations! My husband and I couldn’t have imagine experiencing this journey anywhere else. Just the natural beauty alone this place has to offer is breath taking. It has an elegant but rustic charm feel that would be perfect for any event. I cannot thank Stacey and her husband enough for everything they did to making this day special for us. They went above and beyond and can’t recommend them enough! 10/10!
- Jessica Hiers
Beauchamp Acres, LLC.
Chiefland, FL. 32626
longpondplantationevents@gmail.com
© 2035 by K. Reed
bottom of page
